18:10:07.251 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:195) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
18:10:07.271 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Incompatible layout version found : -559038737
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.initialize(LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.java:59) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:235) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:216) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
18:10:07.431 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:100) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
18:10:07.435 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory - Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) [classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
18:10:07.436 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:140) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
18:10:16.635 [Thread-57] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:16.637 [Thread-53] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:16.735 [Thread-65] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:16.836 [Thread-55] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:16.936 [Thread-58] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.036 [Thread-77] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.237 [Thread-68] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.545 [Thread-66] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.743 [Thread-56] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.744 [Thread-73] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.843 [Thread-54] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.944 [Thread-69] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:17.946 [Thread-67] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.045 [Thread-62] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.245 [Thread-63] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.447 [Thread-61] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.549 [Thread-76] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.650 [Thread-64] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.750 [Thread-71] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.851 [Thread-59] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:18.951 [Thread-74] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:19.051 [Thread-72] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:19.352 [Thread-75] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:19.754 [Thread-70] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:19.856 [Thread-60] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
18:10:25.598 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout longhierarchical does not match existing layout hierarchical
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:194) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConfV1(TestLedgerManager.java:166) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
