16:41:11.150 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:195) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
16:41:11.168 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Incompatible layout version found : -559038737
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.initialize(LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.java:59) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:235) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:216) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
16:41:11.341 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:100) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
16:41:11.357 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory - Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) [classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
16:41:11.358 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:140) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
16:41:20.391 [Thread-59] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.491 [Thread-56] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.591 [Thread-53] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.691 [Thread-55] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.793 [Thread-58] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.893 [Thread-52] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:20.994 [Thread-54] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:21.095 [Thread-57] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:21.805 [Thread-75] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:22.008 [Thread-62] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:22.209 [Thread-64] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:22.310 [Thread-72] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:22.609 [Thread-69] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:22.810 [Thread-76] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.010 [Thread-71] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.110 [Thread-60] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.211 [Thread-65] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.312 [Thread-67] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.412 [Thread-70] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.613 [Thread-61] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.615 [Thread-74] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.713 [Thread-66] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.814 [Thread-63] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:23.914 [Thread-73] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:24.015 [Thread-68] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
16:41:29.033 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout longhierarchical does not match existing layout hierarchical
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:194) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConfV1(TestLedgerManager.java:166) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
