21:29:02.092 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:195) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
21:29:02.106 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Incompatible layout version found : -559038737
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.initialize(LegacyHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory.java:59) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:235) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadZkContents(TestLedgerManager.java:216) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
21:29:02.261 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:100) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
21:29:02.266 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory - Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) [classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	... 19 more
21:29:02.267 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Failed to retrieve metadata service uri from configuration
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:140) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConf(TestLedgerManager.java:116) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:123) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: org.apache.commons.configuration.ConfigurationException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:84) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: DoesNotExist
	at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClass(URLClassLoader.java:382) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:418) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.misc.Launcher$AppClassLoader.loadClass(Launcher.java:352) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:82) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.common.util.ReflectionUtils.getClass(ReflectionUtils.java:114) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:513) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getLedgerManagerLayoutStringFromFactoryClass(AbstractConfiguration.java:471) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.conf.AbstractConfiguration.getMetadataServiceUri(AbstractConfiguration.java:271) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:137) ~[classes/:?]
	... 15 more
21:29:11.485 [Thread-102] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:11.792 [Thread-100] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:11.892 [Thread-90] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:11.992 [Thread-99] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.074 [Thread-94] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.093 [Thread-91] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.275 [Thread-97] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.298 [Thread-84] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.475 [Thread-78] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.576 [Thread-96] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.776 [Thread-86] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.799 [Thread-101] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:12.899 [Thread-98] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.000 [Thread-79] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.077 [Thread-81] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.201 [Thread-80] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.302 [Thread-88] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.378 [Thread-93] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.402 [Thread-83] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.579 [Thread-87] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.603 [Thread-85] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.679 [Thread-95] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.780 [Thread-82] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:13.881 [Thread-89] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:14.081 [Thread-92] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Failed to create ledger manager
org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.exceptions.MetadataException: Failed to initialized ledger manager factory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:253) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.lambda$runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory$2(MetadataDrivers.java:389) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithMetadataBookieDriver(MetadataDrivers.java:347) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.MetadataDrivers.runFunctionWithLedgerManagerFactory(MetadataDrivers.java:387) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager$CreateLMThread.run(TestLedgerManager.java:250) [test-classes/:?]
Caused by: java.io.IOException: Configured layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.LongHierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory does not match existing layout org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.HierarchicalLedgerManagerFactory
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:216) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.zk.ZKMetadataDriverBase.getLedgerManagerFactory(ZKMetadataDriverBase.java:249) ~[classes/:?]
	... 4 more
21:29:18.902 [Time-limited test] ERROR org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager - Received exception
java.io.IOException: Configured layout longhierarchical does not match existing layout hierarchical
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.newLedgerManagerFactory(AbstractZkLedgerManagerFactory.java:194) ~[classes/:?]
	at org.apache.bookkeeper.meta.TestLedgerManager.testBadConfV1(TestLedgerManager.java:166) [test-classes/:?]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498) ~[?:1.8.0_292]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:50) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:47) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:298) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$CallableStatement.call(FailOnTimeout.java:292) [junit-4.12.jar:4.12]
	at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:266) [?:1.8.0_292]
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748) [?:1.8.0_292]
